adding new sample (#514)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: utility_network/display-utility-associations/README.md

# Display utility associations

Create graphics for utility associations in a utility network.

![Image of display utility associations](DisplayUtilityAssociations.png)

## Use case

Visualizing utility associations can help you to better understand trace results and the topology of your utility network. For example, connectivity associations allow you to model connectivity between two junctions that don't have geometric coincidence (are not in the same location); structural attachment associations allow you to model equipment that may be attached to structures; and containment associations allow you to model features contained within other features.

## How to use the sample

Pan and zoom around the map. Observe graphics that show utility associations between junctions.

## How it works

1. Create and load a `UtilityNetwork` with a feature service URL.

> 2. Add a `FeatureLayer` to the map for every `utilityNetworkSource` of type `EDGE` or `JUNCTION`.

Reviewer: As a general rule, the first time a class is referred to within the readme we refer to it by its class name (and therefore class case). After the first use, it's then ok to refer to it via variable naming or in plain english where appropriate.
```suggestion
2. Add a `FeatureLayer` to the map for every `UtilityNetworkSource` of type `EDGE` or `JUNCTION`.
```

3. Create a `GraphicsOverlay` for the utility associations.
4. Add a `NavigationChangedListener` to listen for `NavigationChangedEvent`s.
5. When the sample starts and every time the viewpoint changes:
    * Get the geometry of the map view's extent.
    * Get the associations that are within the current extent using `getAssociationsAsync(extent)`.
    * Get the `UtilityAssociationType` for each association.
    * Create a `Graphic` using the `Geometry` property of the association and a preferred symbol.
    * Add the graphic to the graphics overlay.

## Relevant API

* GraphicsOverlay
* UtilityAssociation
* UtilityAssociationType
* UtilityNetwork

## About the data

> The [feature service](https://sampleserver7.arcgisonline.com/arcgis/rest/services/UtilityNetwork/NapervilleElectric/FeatureServer) in this sample represents an electric network in Naperville, Illinois, which contains a utility network used to run the subnetwork-based trace.

Reviewer 2: I think we've since learnt to make these links a bit more accessible. @TADraeseke could you advise? While we're at it, I'm realising I've asked several times about these links and alt text. Have we got a wiki where this is documented, so I don't end up bugging you every time? 🙇

Reviewer 2: A suggestion (taken from the subnetwork-trace sample), which conforms with the style:
```suggestion
The [Naperville electrical](https://sampleserver7.arcgisonline.com/arcgis/rest/services/UtilityNetwork/NapervilleElectric/FeatureServer) network feature service, hosted on ArcGIS Online, contains a utility network used to display the utility associations in this sample.
```
